Dear Readers,  Soren Korsgaard has collected and published some of my columns 
bearing on our plight as we are attacked by Satanic forces of evil.  My regular 
readers will have read most of these columns, but having this selection in one 
cover makes clear our desperate situation.  Also, as Korsgaard points out, 
having a full picture provides training for recognizing and rejecting the 
disinformation conveyed by official narratives.

“Dr. Roberts is one of the few remaining voices of truth in the West. His 
essays expose the systematic lies of Western mainstream media, which now 
provide propaganda rather than news. He explains these false narratives are 
designed to create a public lost in a Matrix of misinformation, which 
conditions people to hate and fear. The hatred of internal enemies prevents 
social cohesion that could effectively challenge governmental authority, while 
external enemies are demonized to make people accept endless war.

“Most importantly, Roberts warns of the imminent danger of a nuclear holocaust, 
which now places us one nanosecond away from nuclear Armageddon.  If you want 
to better understand why all the things we once held sacred–family, freedom, 
justice and peace–are now under relentless attack by the government, media and 
academia, then read this book. It will open your eyes.” — Professor Steven 
Starr, former director of the University of Missouri’s Clinical Laboratory 
Sciences Program

Lew Rockwell, an inestimable champion of truth and liberty, reviews the book 
here: 
https://www.lewrockwell.com/2023/04/lew-rockwell/paul-craig-robertss-quest-for-t
ruth-and-justice/  [1]

Drgana Trifkovic, director of the Center for Geostrategic Studies, Serbia, 
reviews the book here: 
https://geostrategy.rs/rs/geopolitika/1329-dr-g-n-rif-vic-n-v-njizi-p-l-r-g-r-b-
r-s-c-rs-v-l-zi  [2]


